Never have shown you these few tools I'm going to show you a quick little trick that will speed up the
process of creating digital art.
Now this trick is called hockeys and you've probably heard of them before and what they are is they're
just keys on your keyboard that you will press that will quickly bring up a tool for you.
So rather than you having to physically bring your cursor over to the tool and clicking on it you can
press a key on your keyboard and it will automatically bring that tool up.
So let's start with the grab and move tools so right now we have the marquee tool selected.
But if we want to grab and move to selected all we have to do is press its hot key to bring it up.
So the Graben moved tools hot key is the letter V.
So if we press the letter V on our keyboard it will bring up the grab and move tool.
So now we can grab and move our image around the page.
Now the next tool the marquee tool the hot key for that one is M And so let's press em.
And that brings up the marquee tool.
So now we can drag and select an area.
Now the last tool is the Lasso tool and the as you can probably guess the hot key for that is the letter
L.
So let's press the letter L.
And that brings up our last tool.
So now go ahead and give that a whirl.
Practice a while with these hotkeys and it's going to be a little bit difficult at first but trust me
over time you will get the hang of it and you won't even have to think about it it will become second
nature and you will become so fast that it.
So go out and practice.
And we can move on to the next part of our course.